Polls 2024-07-15 (#2693)
makerdao/community: governance/polls/LITE-PSM-USDC-A Phase 1 Parameter Proposal - July 15, 2024.md

---
title: LITE-PSM-USDC-A Phase 1 Parameter Proposal - July 15, 2024

> summary: Signal your support or opposition to deploying a new LitePSM and the recommended parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: Signal your support or opposition to deploying a new LitePSM with recommended parameters.
```

discussion_link: https://forum.makerdao.com/t/lite-psm-usdc-a-phase-1-test-period-proposed-parameters/24644
parameters:
    input_format: single-choice
    victory_conditions:
        - { type : plurality }
    result_display: single-vote-breakdown
version: v2.0.0
options:
   0: Abstain
   1: Yes
   2: No
start_date: 2024-07-15T16:00:00
end_date: 2024-07-18T16:00:00
---
# Poll: LITE-PSM-USDC-A Phase 1 Parameter Proposal - July 15, 2024

The Governance Facilitators have placed a Governance Poll into the voting system on behalf of the Stability Facilitators. This Governance [Poll](https://manual.makerdao.com/governance/governance-cycle/weekly-governance-cycle#weekly-governance-cycle-definitions-mip16c1) will be active for three days beginning on Monday, July 15 at 16:00 UTC.

**This is a binary vote.**

- **You may vote for a single option.**
- **You should vote for the option which you prefer.**
- **If you would accept either option, you should vote 'Abstain'.**

## Review

> The community can vote in this poll to express support or opposition to the following changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The community can vote in this poll to express support or opposition to initiating the LITE-PSM-USDC-A Phase 1 with the following recommended changes:
```

- Deploy PSM_MOM GSM Delay Exception.

> - Migrate initial USDC (20 million USDC) reserves from PSM-USDC-A to LITE-PSM-USDC-A with a script executed in the spell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Migrate the initial 20 million USDC in reserves from PSM-USDC-A to LITE-PSM-USDC-A with a script executed in an upcoming spell.
```

> - The current DC-IAM available DAI liquidity is distributed between the two PSMs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adjust the current DC-IAM DAI liquidity parameters between the two PSMs:
```
